I am currently overwhelmed with salt at this time.
I think I've discovered the secret of life - you just have to hang around until you get used to it.
I believe that if life gives you lemons, you should make lemonade... And try to find somebody whose life has given them vodka, and have a party.
I love sleep. My life has the tendency to fall apart when I'm awake, you know?
If logic tells you that life is a meaningless accident, don't give up on life. Give up on logic.
Go through life like a duck. Majestic on top, kicking like hell underneath.
Life is not like a box of chocolates, It's more like a jar of jalapenos. What you do today might burn your ass tomorrow.
I hope life isn't a big joke, because I don't get it.
People say nothing is impossible, but I do nothing every day!
The only mystery in life is why kamikaze pilots wore helmets.
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
The difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits.
War is God's way of teaching Americans geography.
It would be nice to spend billions on schools and roads, but right now that money is desperately needed for political ads.
The average dog is a nicer person than the average person.
Doctors are just the same as lawyers; the only difference is that lawyers merely rob you, whereas doctors rob and kill you too.
My opinions may have changed, but not the fact that I'm right.
To be sure of hitting the target, shoot first, and call whatever you hit the target.
Have you noticed that all the people in favor of birth control are already born?
Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter and those you matter don't mind.
Most people would sooner die than think; in fact, they do so.
The world is full of magical things patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper.
If there is anything the nonconformist hates worse than a conformist, it's another nonconformist who doesn't conform to the prevailing standard of nonconformity.